doc: typo (#1375)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/rendering-tools/index.md

<!--todo: add Recording section when available  -->  
<!--todo: add Profile JavaScript (JS Profiler) section when available  -->  

> If you notice quite a bit of jank in your JavaScript, you may need to take your analysis to the next level and collect a JavaScript CPU profile.  CPU profiles show where runtime is spent within the functions of your page.  Learn how to create CPU profiles in [Speed up JavaScript runtime][DevtoolsRenderingToolsJavascriptRuntime].

Reviewer: I will (or you could) full-text search "jank" in repo, two articles use the word in visible text, needs to be defined in both articles.  wiktionary: "jank ( uncountable ) ( computing, slang, rare) Perceptible pause in the smooth rendering of a software application 's user interface due to slow operations or poor interface design. quotations ".  I plan to enter Suggestions in two articles in this PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you notice quite a bit of jank (interruptions of rendering) in your JavaScript, you may need to take your analysis to the next level and collect a JavaScript CPU profile.  CPU profiles show where runtime is spent within the functions of your page.  Learn how to create CPU profiles in [Speed up JavaScript runtime][DevtoolsRenderingToolsJavascriptRuntime].
```

> If you noticing quite a bit of jank in your JavaScript, you may need to take your analysis to the next level and collect a JavaScript CPU profile.  CPU profiles show where runtime is spent within the functions of your page.  Learn how to create CPU profiles in [Speed Up JavaScript Runtime][DevtoolsRenderingToolsJavascriptRuntime].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you notice quite a bit of jank in your JavaScript, you may need to take your analysis to the next level and collect a JavaScript CPU profile.  CPU profiles show where run time is spent within the functions of your page.  Learn how to create CPU profiles in [Speed Up JavaScript Runtime][DevtoolsRenderingToolsJavascriptRuntime].
```
Not sure but also changed "runtime" to "run time" to emphasize time.  Need to check surrounding word-usage of 'runtime', 'run', and 'time', or CPU cycles, per profiling code/ function time.

Reviewer: Please click Commit suggestion (or apply changes locally, then push).  Then I'll Approve.
